[Music]
a crowd approaching 20,000 people
assembled at Trafalga Square many
carrying placards with the names and
photographs of the men women and babies
still held by Hamas since October the
7th organized by a group called 710
human chain project the speakers
included some of the relatives of the
captives held for the past 100 days
these are real people they are not just
faces on posters so they paying every
day in the terrorist Chels is real and
their starvation and malnutrition
especially for babies and uh and kids
it's
Unthinkable so every day that passes we
feel their pain and we miss them so much
the rally was titled stand with Israel
and while demonstrators in Tel Aviv
combined the 100th day with bitter
criticism of the Netanyahu government's
handling of the conflict in contrast the
organizers and speakers at London's
Gathering remain support of Israel's
ongoing military bombardment we are
standing next to Israel we are
supporting Israel but more than that we
call for solidarity with Israel people
who stand under a war that they didn't
want and hopefully they will end soon
but it will take more time as we
understand it from the stage one speaker
declared himself an Unapologetic Zionist
another described the bombardment of
Gaza as Israel's most justified War the
chance from the trala square crowd have
been bring them home bring them home now
but there is less consideration as to
the best way to do that but since Hamas
and Israel last negotiated an exchange
of captives in November not a single
Israeli captive has been rescued by the
Israeli Army that's despite extensive
military operations and the killing of
thousands of Palestinian civilians Paul
Brennan Al jazer traga
Square make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer